wavegen(4) -- the wavegen file format
=====================================

## DESCRIPTION

A file generated by WaveGen is stored in JSON format. it should contain a
single object, with the following fields noted below. A WaveGen file may
contain the wave generation parameters, the wave data, or both. Other fields
not noted in this document may be used, and should be ignored by compliant
clients.

The intended use case for this format is to allow data to be generated once,
and used in several different implementations. It is expected that most clients
will only operate on the `signal` component of the file; the `parameters`
component is intended to describe the provenance of the data contained. Files
containing only parameters are mostly useful as an alternate way of providing
those parameters to the generator.

**NOTE**: all field names are case insensitive, clients *must* support any
casing of field names.

* `version` -- integer -- Specifies the wavegen format version, currently `0`.
  Compliant clients should refuse to process files which have a version higher
  than they support.
* `parameters` -- object -- Represents wave generation parameters, may be
  omitted if the file contains data only.
* `signal` -- object -- Represents a captured signal, may be omitted if the
  file contains parameters only.


### Parameters Object

* `samplerate` -- float -- Specifies the sample rate at which the wave
  should be generated in Hz.
* `offset` -- float -- Specifies the time at which samples should begin
  being collected, in seconds
* `duration` -- float -- Specifies the number of seconds worth of
  samples to be generated.
* `frequencies` -- list of float -- The i-th component of the generated
  signal should have a frequencey of `frequencies[i]` Hz.
* `phases` -- list of float -- The i-th component of the generated
  signal should have a phase of `phases[i]`.
* `amplitudes` -- list of float -- The i-th component of the generated
  signal should have an amplitude of `amplitudes[i]`.
* `noises` -- list of string -- The i-th component of the generated
  signal should have a noise of type `noises[i]`.
* `noisemagnitudes` -- list of float -- The i-th component of the
  generated signal should have a noise magnitude of type
  `noisemagnitudes[i]`.
* `globalnoise` -- string -- The type of noise to be applied globally.
* `globalnoisemagnitude` -- float -- the magnitude of the global
  noise.

### Signal Object


* `samples` -- list of float -- The magnitude of the i-th sample is
stored at `samples[i]`.
* `times` -- list of float -- `times[i]` stores the time in seconds
at which the i-th sample was captured.
* `samplerate` -- float -- The claimed sample rate in Hz at which the
data was collected.

## EXAMPLE

```
{
        "Version": 0,
        "Parameters": {
                "SampleRate": 10,
                "Offset": 0,
                "Duration": 1,
                "Frequencies": [
                        1
                ],
                "Phases": [
                        0
                ],
                "Amplitudes": [
                        1
                ],
                "Noises": [
                        "none"
                ],
                "NoiseMagnitudes": [
                        1
                ],
                "GlobalNoise": "none",
                "GlobalNoiseMagnitude": 0
        },
        "Signal": {
                "samples": [
                        0,
                        0.5877852522924731,
                        0.9510565162951535,
                        0.9510565162951535,
                        0.5877852522924732,
                        1.2246467991473515e-16,
                        -0.5877852522924734,
                        -0.9510565162951535,
                        -0.9510565162951536,
                        -0.5877852522924732
                ],
                "times": [
                        0,
                        0.1,
                        0.2,
                        0.30000000000000004,
                        0.4,
                        0.5,
                        0.6000000000000001,
                        0.7000000000000001,
                        0.8,
                        0.9
                ],
                "SampleRate": 10
        }
}
```

## UPSTREAM

https://github.com/HeRCLab/wavegen

## COPYRIGHT

Jason Bakos, Philip Conrad, Charles Daniels, All Rights Reserved.

## SEE ALSO

wavegen(1), wavegen-view(1), wavegen-generate(1), wavegen(4)
